Prequel, happens before and during main game.
Note how Robin and Fontaine never actually interact?

Oh shit. It's actually a love story between Robin and Fontaine.

Fontaine is introduced to her. She isn't aware of how deeply Sophie's love is affecting her.
Robin, either, isn't fully aware of why she's instantly connected to Fontaine?

When Kylie appears, Fontaine loses Robin. By then she's become more powerful. She's the one who 
facilitates Robin's teleportation act. 

She might be the one who cuts Lichelle. 

Her interactions with Lichelle are odd. They aren't standoffish, but they just don't seem to see each other. That's because Lichelle never did heroin.


Structure

1. Opening - Fontaine comes into existence. At first she's content, just existing in nothingness. She's jolted awake as Sophie does heroin and her mind scrapes against her. She's alone, but she doesn't feel alone. She feels like there's someone. That someone is Sophie, of course.
2. The scrape happens occasionally. Each time, more of the world fills in. Fontaine is intrigued. She begins to explore. She wants more. She's drip fed sophie's memories. She meets Robin, who is new, and who is frightened and immediately stabs her in the heart. 
3. Fontaine survives, because she's Fontaine. Choice: Play dead or Don't react to knife.
4. Cassandra, Tania, and Lichelle are in chat. 
5. Robin and Font meet again the next day. Robin is amazed by her. How are you what you are. I don't know.
6. They spend time together, alone in this world. Reach the edge of falling in love before Kylie appears. Robin pulls away from Fontaine. Who is that? What is that?
7. Fontaine is crushed. 
8. Elements of the world begin to shape into the main game. The voices of chat swirl around Fontaine. Robin lurks in Ganymead, scheming, planning. Fontaine can't get through to her. Tania arrives, recruits Robin for the show. Doesn't ask Fontaine, who is dumbfounded by all of this. 
9. Fontaine watches from the wings as the first part happens. She sees Kylie, but doesn't interact with her. 
10. Robin comes back to Fontaine afterward and talks to her. She doesn't know what she's doing. Only that she needs Fontaine, now, but she loves Kylie and she doesn't know why. It makes no sense. Choice: I can't accept that. I love you. Or: ... I just want you to be happy. Fontaine agrees to help Robin. 
11. Facilitates dates. Helps with disappearing act. Everything seems to be going fine. Fontaine can see the affection meter. Robin's jumps higher and higher. 
12. Fontaine meets Robin, asks her why she's wearing the green shirt and shorts. Robin doesn't answer. Just goes pale. water spills over her. She drowns standing. Fontaine can't change it. She snaps. That's when end part happens.